All right so character parody.
This was a fun one and Pritish pretty straightforward.
We've got to use is not a number as one of our hands and parsing which is always get a chance to use
that.
But basically the gist of it here is we're taking in a single character which may be a string the phi
number where it may be an actual character.
If it's a string of high number we want to return if it's even or odd.
And if it is a character we want to return not a digit.
That's really it.
At the end of the day.
All right.
The way that I did this was I created a constant variable that I just called a result and I set it equal
to the parsed value of our symbol parameter.
Now once we have that what I did was I did in the return set in the return statement.
I do a double turn area where the first check I do is it is it not a number.
When you parse a string and there's no number in it it will if you check that result is in fact not
a number and thus that would return true if that's the case I'm going to turn not a digit.
And if it's not I'm going to do my second turn area which is going to check if the result is even or
odd and then return the correct amount.
So here we're safe return is not a number.
Result.
And if that is a true statement what we wanted to return back is not a digit.
Now if that is a false statement we want to do a number check where we want to say take result and model
by two and check if it is the zero.
If it is we want to return even if it's not we want to return faade
to appear real real.
And that's really at the end of the day we can figure out how to parse it without doing a string.
I think the first time I did this I did a very strange map where I said hey if it's 0 1 0 and it was
a very it wasn't a very unique solution.
But at the end of the day this is it pretty much.